.\"Smart Cache is copyrighted by Radim Kolar and distributed under GPL
.TH SCACHE 8 "1 May 2001" 
.\" NAME should be all caps, SECTION should be 1-8, maybe w/ subsection
.\" other parms are allowed: see man(7), man(1)
.SH NAME
/etc/init.d/scache \- Control script for Smart Cache
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B /etc/init.d/scache
.I start|stop|reload|restart|force-restart|force-reload
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.B scache
control the operation of the
.BR smartcache (1)
server running on the UNIX systems. Usually
.B scache
is invoked at system boot time with the
.I start
parameter and at shutdown time with the
.I stop
parameter. The
.B scache
script can also manually be invoked by the system administrator to shut
down, restart or reload the Smart Cache caching server.
.SH "OPERATION"
.B scache
controls execution of the Smart Cache http proxy server. Server
runs under user-id
.I proxy
using
.B /etc/scache
as main config directory. Server is started by non-gui version
.I (java_ns)
of the Java launcher with
.B tya
JIT compiler enabled (if tya package is installed).
.SH "ARGUMENTS"
.B scache
script accepts only one argument.
.PP
.PD 0
.TP 8
.BI start
starts the 
.BR smartcache (1)
server.
.TP
.BI stop
stops the
.BR smartcache (1)
server.
.TP
.BI reload
no effect, just displays information about auto reloading configurations files.
Restart is needed only after changing main configuration file
.I scache.cnf
, others changed files are reloaded by running server.
.TP
.BI nice-restart|force-reload
Restarts running
.BR smartcache (1)
server. If server is not running, nothing happens.
.TP
.BI restart
Stops and starts
.BR smartcache (1)
server even if it is not currently running.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
This man page describes only controlling of the Smart Cache proxy server.
For more information about server itself see manual page
.BR smartcache (1)
.
.SH "AUTHOR"
This script and manual page was written by Radim Kolar, for the Debian
GNU/Linux system (but may be used by others).
